Add data validation script (#7)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids-benchmarks: nds/README.md

otherwise some query application may be in _WAITING_ status(which can be observed from Spark UI or 
Yarn Resource Manager UI) until enough resources are released.

## Data Validation
To validate query output between Power Runs w/o GPU, we providing [nds_validate.py](nds_validate.py) to do
the job.

Arguments supported for `nds_validate.py`:
```
usage: nds_validate.py [-h] [--max_errors MAX_ERRORS] [--epsilon EPSILON] [--ignore_ordering] [--use_iterator]
                       input1 input2 input_format query_stream_file

positional arguments:
  input1                path of the first input data
  input2                path of the second input data
  input_format          data source type. e.g. parquet, orc
  query_stream_file     query stream file that contains NDS queries in specific order.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --max_errors MAX_ERRORS
                        Maximum number of differences to report.
  --epsilon EPSILON     Allow for differences in precision when comparing floating point values.
  --ignore_ordering     Sort the data collected from the DataFrames before comparing them.

>   --use_iterator        When set, use `toLocalIterator` to load one partition at atime into driver memory, reducing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --use_iterator        When set, use `toLocalIterator` to load one partition at a time into driver memory, reducing
```

>                         memory usage at the cost of performancebecause processing will be single-threaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        memory usage at the cost of performance because processing will be single-threaded.
```

>   --floats              whether the input data contains float data or decimal data.

Author: Add related doc.

```

Example command to compare two query output data:
```

> python validate.py \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python nds_validate.py \
```

otherwise some query application may be in _WAITING_ status(which can be observed from Spark UI or 
Yarn Resource Manager UI) until enough resources are released.

## Data Validation

> To validate query output between Power Runs w/o GPU, we providing [nds_validate.py](nds_validate.py) to do

Reviewer 2: grammer?
```
To validate query output between Power Runs with and w/o GPU, we're providing [nds_validate.py](nds_validate.py) to do
```

the job.

> Arguments supported for `nds_validate.py`:

Reviewer 2: `for` => `by`?

Author: updated.

```
usage: nds_validate.py [-h] [--max_errors MAX_ERRORS] [--epsilon EPSILON] [--ignore_ordering] [--use_iterator]

>                        input1 input2 input_format query_stream_file

Author: good catch. Updated.

positional arguments:

>   input1                path of the first input data

Reviewer 2: better keep consistency for each description: such as whether capitalized first letter, end with `.` etc.

Author: updated.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --input_format INPUT_FORMAT
                        data source type. e.g. parquet, orc. Default is: parquet
  --max_errors MAX_ERRORS
                        Maximum number of differences to report.
  --epsilon EPSILON     Allow for differences in precision when comparing floating point values.
                        Given 2 float numbers: 0.000001 and 0.000000, the diff of them is 0.000001 which is less than the epsilon 0.00001, so we regard this as acceptable and will not report a mismatch.
  --ignore_ordering     Sort the data collected from the DataFrames before comparing them.
  --use_iterator        When set, use `toLocalIterator` to load one partition at a time into driver memory, reducing
                        memory usage at the cost of performance because processing will be single-threaded.
  --floats              whether the input data contains float data or decimal data. There're some known mismatch issues due to float point, we will do some special checks when the input data is float for some queries.
```

> Example command to compare two query output data:

Reviewer 2: `Example commands to compare output data of two queries:`

Author: updated.
